NAME
    Module::Plan::Base - Base class for Module::Plan classes

DESCRIPTION
    Module::Plan::Base provides the underlying basic functionality. That is,
    taking a file, injecting it into CPAN, and the installing it via the
    CPAN module.

    It also provides for a basic "phase" system, that allows steps to be
    taken in the appropriate order. This is very simple for now, but may be
    upgraded later into a dependency-based system.

    This class is undocumented for the moment.

    See pip for the front-end console application for this module.

SUPPORT
    This module is stored in an Open Repository at the following address.

    <http://svn.phase-n.com/svn/cpan/trunk/Module-Plan-Base>

    Write access to the repository is made available automatically to any
    published CPAN author, and to most other volunteers on request.

    If you are able to submit your bug report in the form of new (failing)
    unit tests, or can apply your fix directly instead of submitting a
    patch, you are strongly encouraged to do so. The author currently
    maintains over 100 modules and it may take some time to deal with
    non-Critical bug reports or patches.

    This will guarentee that your issue will be addressed in the next
    release of the module.

    If you cannot provide a direct test or fix, or don't have time to do so,
    then regular bug reports are still accepted and appreciated via the CPAN
    bug tracker.

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Module-Plan-Base>

    For other issues, for commercial enhancement and support, or to have
    your write access enabled for the repository, contact the author at the
    email address above.

AUTHORS
    Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org>

SEE ALSO
    pip, Module::Plan, Module::Inspector

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2006 Adam Kennedy.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

